Jehovah has always given us
the right tool at the right time
to teach others.
And this new book is no exception.
How is this book organized?
Each lesson is divided into three parts.
How do you use it to conduct a Bible study?
You might encourage your student
to read the first part of a lesson in advance
and to note the questions in bold
and the key scriptures.
Begin each study by reading and discussing
the first part together.
Next, consider together
the “Dig Deeper” section.
Begin by reading the introductory statement,
which explains what follows,
and take note of the subheadings
that outline the main points.
Read the scriptures,
watch the provided videos together,
and then discuss how
the scriptures and videos
answer the related questions.
Discuss the artwork with the student.
Then follow with the questions
found in the “Some People Say” section.
Then, read the “Summary”
and discuss the “Review” questions.
Your student can enter the date
the lesson was completed.
Each lesson provides
a “Goal” for the student,
and the “Explore” section
offers additional content
that may be useful depending
on your student’s needs and interests.
Yes, this tool is very different.
Why was it designed this way?
It’s a lot like
the teaching used in our theocratic schools.
It is very interactive.
On the one hand,
the lessons are written in such a way
to really make the student
think about what he is learning.
This tool has the ability
to involve the Bible student.
It shows them a video,
and then they have references
they can look at.
But the way that it’s designed involves them.
And it’s really going to give them
a good foundation.
On the other hand, the teacher can use
the viewpoint questions
to draw out how the student really feels
about what he’s learning from God’s Word.
This is the most thoroughly
field-tested publication
that we have ever produced.
From writing the text
to simplifying the text
—polishing it, getting it ready—
it has been produced
so that it can be translated
into many languages
so as to help people everywhere.
Yes, this tool is very different,
but is it effective?
Hundreds of publishers in almost 100 lands
tested the lessons.
What do they say about it?
I love the new layout.
It’s current, and it’s intuitive.
And the way the Bible truths are presented
—it’s very logical and easy to understand.
I think it’s going to be a game changer.
The “Dig Deeper” section is amazing.
It ensures that the teaching
comes directly from the Bible.
Because this part of the study
becomes a conversation,
the students answer right from their hearts,
which allows me to learn a lot more
about how they think and feel.
The new method really helps us
to convince the mind and reach the heart.
Most of all, it helps
both the teacher and the student
to focus on the Scriptures
rather than on the study aid.
We never heard anybody say
“the paragraph says”
because when they did answer the question,
they were expressing what
they really believed.
The lessons are both logical and concise.
The method is highly interactive.
The students not only respond
in their own words
but are also able to come
to the correct conclusions
all by themselves.
It helps me as the teacher to talk less,
and it helps the student
to express himself and to think.
And the videos elicited comments
(sometimes of even a personal nature)
that probably never would’ve come out
had it not been for the videos.
The aim is to get to know Jehovah,
to love Jehovah,
to learn what his will is for us
and to do that will,
and also to draw close to his organization.
I have been in full-time service
for over 50 years.
I conduct several Bible studies.
These lessons cannot be compared with others.
They are more effective and just what
we need for our times.
It equips them to explain to others
what they have learned.
And as a teacher,
that fills me with so much joy
that I am motivated to be zealous
and find more new Bible studies.
We are so excited about this new approach
to teaching Bible truths!
The main points stand out,
the application is clear,
and it’s easy to remember.
And everybody can benefit from it
—from those with little or no education
to those who are highly educated.
Our students are going to love
this new publication.
And we will too, as this will make us
better teachers of God’s Word
so as to make more disciples
before the end comes.
And how do members of the Governing Body
feel about this innovative approach?
This book has the potential
to draw many honesthearted ones
into Jehovah’s organization
to serve alongside us in pure worship
and dedicate their lives to Jehovah.
Compared to all the Bible study tools
we’ve used in the past,
this is gold.
And that’s what it’s all about
—helping that student
build a close relationship with Jehovah.
And unquestionably,
this new publication,
this marvelous gift from Jehovah,
will help us accomplish this worthy goal.
We humbly recognize
that whatever tool we use,
only Jehovah can make it grow.
So we’re praying that Jehovah
will grant success to this new tool
to build and make disciples of Christ.
We are not just preachers.
We are teachers.
We are disciple-makers.
This new book gives us what we need
to help others love Jehovah,
follow Christ,
get baptized,
and Enjoy Life Forever!